## Mod configuration

The mod can be configured by editing the `ui-tweaks.json` file in your Vintage Story's `ModConfig` folder.

Keep in mind that changing some of these options may require you to restart the game or reload the world for the changes to take effect.

> **Note**: You need to start a game with this mod installed at least once for it to generate the default configuration file.

## Configuration values

- `hud`: Configuration for the heads-up display (HUD) features of the mod.

  - `healthbarTooltip`: Configuration for the health bar tooltip.
  
    - `enable`: Whether to show the healthbar tooltip. Default: `true`.
    
    - `format`: Format of the tooltip text. Default: `{current} / {maximum} ({percent}%)`. You can use these specific placeholders in your format string, as well as any of the [global placeholders](#global-placeholders):
    
      - `{current}`: Current health.
    
      - `{maximum}`: Maximum health.
    
      - `{percent}`: Current health as a percentage of maximum health.
    
    - `offset`: Offset of the tooltip from its default position.
    
      - `x`: Horizontal offset.
    
      - `y`: Vertical offset.
  
  - `satietyTooltip`: Configuration for the satiety tooltip.
  
    - `enable`: Whether to show the satiety tooltip. Default: `true`.
    
    - `format`: Format of the tooltip text. Default: `{current} / {maximum} ({percent}%)`. You can use these specific placeholders in your format string, as well as any of the [global placeholders](#global-placeholders):
    
      - `{current}`: Current satiety.
    
      - `{maximum}`: Maximum satiety.
    
      - `{percent}`: Current satiety as a percentage of maximum satiety.
    
    - `offset`: Offset of the tooltip from its default position.
    
      - `x`: Horizontal offset.
    
      - `y`: Vertical offset.

- `quickSearch`: Configuration for the quick search feature.

  - `enable`: Whether to enable the quick search feature. Default: `true`.
  
  - `resultListHeight`: The height of the quick search result list in pixels. Default: `200`.

## Global placeholders

These placeholders can be used in any tooltip format string:

**Player Health**

- `{player-health-current}` - The player's current health.

- `{player-health-max}` - The player's maximum health.

- `{player-health-percent}` - The player's current health as a percentage of maximum health.

**Player Satiety**

- `{player-satiety-current}` - The player's current satiety.

- `{player-satiety-max}` - The player's maximum satiety.

- `{player-satiety-percent}` - The player's current satiety as a percentage of maximum satiety.

- `{player-satiety-hunger}` - The player's current hunger rate.

**Player Temporal Stability**

- `{player-temporal-stability}` - The player's current temporal stability level.

**World Time**

> 🚧 Work in progress on this section, stay tuned for updates!

**Weather at Player's Location**

> 🚧 Work in progress on this section, stay tuned for updates!

**Temporal Stability at Player's Location**

- `{player-location-temporal-stability}` - Temporal stability at the player's position.

<!-- reference json
{
  "hud": {
    "healthbarTooltip": {
      "format": "{current} / {maximum} ({percent}%)",
      "enable": true,
      "offset": {
        "x": 0.0,
        "y": 0.0
      }
    },
    "satietyTooltip": {
      "format": "{current} / {maximum} ({percent}%)   |   {hunger}%",
      "enable": true,
      "offset": {
        "x": 0.0,
        "y": 0.0
      }
    }
  },
  "quickSearch": {
    "enable": true,
    "resultListHeight": 200
  }
}
-->